Sexual harassment is a really big topic for the US military. I won't lie
it is very very apparent. It's common throughout the whole entire
time that I've been in the military. People don't generally take it
too far. There's lots of training that we have, we have it all the
time throughout every single year about don't touch people, don't say
certain words, don't post certain pictures. However, when you get
this many young people, in their twenties, young twenties, around each
other, they're college level, they're college style people, then
with this type of young personality, it's gonna pop up. It's going to
show up. Even though they know that they're not supposed to. You can
see it in the bars that we go to, they kind of forget that they're
still in the military. So outside of working hours you can see them
kind of drinking and kinda you know hugging each other, like touching
each other inappropriately, that happens a lot. However, whether
it's guys and guys, girls and girls, guys and girls together, generally
because we all work together, we're all friends, we don't want
to see each other get in trouble. We take it for what it is. If it gets
out of hand then you know it does show up, and I have seen people
get in trouble big time for this. But for the most part even though
it's there, it's very very limited, and I think it's manageable.